>>> HERE’S ONE THING WE KNOW
>>> HERE’S ONE THING WE KNOW ABOUT SOME OF DONALD TRUMP’S
ABOUT SOME OF DONALD TRUMP’S CLOSEST ADVISERS.
CLOSEST ADVISERS. THEY HAVE MIXED BUSINESS,
THEY HAVE MIXED BUSINESS, POLITIC
POLITIC POLITICS, AND CRIME TO CREATE
POLITICS, AND CRIME TO CREATE GREAT WEALTH AND GREATER RISK.
GREAT WEALTH AND GREATER RISK. SO YOU CAN’T GRASP THIS AIR
SO YOU CAN’T GRASP THIS AIR WITHOUT UNDERSTANDING THOSE
WITHOUT UNDERSTANDING THOSE FORCES AND HOW A HUSTLER’S
FORCES AND HOW A HUSTLER’S MINDSET APPLIES TO LAWS OF
MINDSET APPLIES TO LAWS OF POWER.
POWER. TONIGHT WE TURN TO AN EXPERT,
TONIGHT WE TURN TO AN EXPERT, GRAMMY AWARD WINNING HIP-HOP
GRAMMY AWARD WINNING HIP-HOP ARTIST AND BUSINESSMAN 50 CENT,
ARTIST AND BUSINESSMAN 50 CENT, WHO’S RAPPED THAT FRIENDS CAN
WHO’S RAPPED THAT FRIENDS CAN CALL HIM BY HIS GOVERNMENT NAME,
CALL HIM BY HIS GOVERNMENT NAME, CURTIS JACKSON.
CURTIS JACKSON. HE SOLD OVER 30 MILLION ALBUMS
HE SOLD OVER 30 MILLION ALBUMS WORKING WITH ARTISTS LIKE
WORKING WITH ARTISTS LIKE EMINEM, DR. DRE.
EMINEM, DR. DRE. HIS HIT MADE "ROLLING STONE’S"
HIS HIT MADE "ROLLING STONE’S" LIST OF THE GREATEST SONGS OF
LIST OF THE GREATEST SONGS OF ALL-TIME ACROSS ALL GENRES.
ALL-TIME ACROSS ALL GENRES. HE’S THE STAR OF "POWER," ALSO
HE’S THE STAR OF "POWER," ALSO IN "DEN OF THIEVES."
IN "DEN OF THIEVES." HE GREW UP IN QUEENS, SURVIVED A
HE GREW UP IN QUEENS, SURVIVED A NINE-SHOTGUN ATTACK, AND TOOK ON
NINE-SHOTGUN ATTACK, AND TOOK ON THE MUSIC INDUSTRY ITSELF WITH
THE MUSIC INDUSTRY ITSELF WITH EARLY CONTROVERSIAL SONGS, A
EARLY CONTROVERSIAL SONGS, A FEARLESSNESS WHICH PAID OFF
FEARLESSNESS WHICH PAID OFF WHICH HE EXPLORES IN "THE 50th
WHICH HE EXPLORES IN "THE 50th LAW," A BOOK HE COWROTE WITH
LAW," A BOOK HE COWROTE WITH ROBERT GREEN.
ROBERT GREEN. IT MADE HIM RICH AND HE’S
IT MADE HIM RICH AND HE’S ESTABLISHED DEALS IN RECORDING,
ESTABLISHED DEALS IN RECORDING, BOOK PUBLISHING, ENERGY DRINKS,
BOOK PUBLISHING, ENERGY DRINKS, A CHAMPAGNE THAT RETAILS FOR
A CHAMPAGNE THAT RETAILS FOR OVER $300, AND JACKSON MADE AN
OVER $300, AND JACKSON MADE AN ESTIMATED $50 MILLION OR MORE
ESTIMATED $50 MILLION OR MORE WHEN HIS VITAMIN WATER STAKE WAS
WHEN HIS VITAMIN WATER STAKE WAS SOLD TO COKE IN 2007.
SOLD TO COKE IN 2007. "FORBES" NAMED HIM ONE OF THE
"FORBES" NAMED HIM ONE OF THE TOP FIVE WEALTHIIST ARTISTS IN
TOP FIVE WEALTHIIST ARTISTS IN HIP-HOP.
HIP-HOP. HIP-HOP.
HIP-HOP. 50 CENT, YOU KNOW BUSINESS,
50 CENT, YOU KNOW BUSINESS, POLITICS, AND POWER, YOU KNOW
POLITICS, AND POWER, YOU KNOW DONALD TRUMP A LITTLE BIT, YOU
DONALD TRUMP A LITTLE BIT, YOU HAD HIM ON YOUR RADIO SHOW IN
HAD HIM ON YOUR RADIO SHOW IN 2005.
2005. >> ALL RIGHT, 50, WE GOT DONALD
>> ALL RIGHT, 50, WE GOT DONALD TRUMP HERE.
TRUMP HERE. >> HOW ARE YOU DOING?
>> HOW ARE YOU DOING? >> I’M FINE.
>> I’M FINE. >> I HAVE SOME KIDS AND MYSELF
>> I HAVE SOME KIDS AND MYSELF INCLUDED.
INCLUDED. BUT I HAVE KIDS, THEY THINK YOU
BUT I HAVE KIDS, THEY THINK YOU ARE THE BEST.
ARE THE BEST. THE ABSOLUTE BEST.
THE ABSOLUTE BEST. >> WOW.
>> WOW. >> THAT’S PRETTY COOL, I’LL TELL
>> THAT’S PRETTY COOL, I’LL TELL YOU.
YOU. MY LITTLE DAUGHTER IVANKA, MY
MY LITTLE DAUGHTER IVANKA, MY SON ERIC, THESE PEOPLE, THEY
SON ERIC, THESE PEOPLE, THEY JUST LOVE YOUR MUSIC.
JUST LOVE YOUR MUSIC. >> WOW.
>> WOW. THEN I WILL KEEP MAKING IT.
THEN I WILL KEEP MAKING IT. >> YOU BETTER KEEP MAKING IT.
>> YOU BETTER KEEP MAKING IT. >> A LOT OF LAUGHS BACK THEN.
>> A LOT OF LAUGHS BACK THEN. WHAT’S CHANGED?
WHAT’S CHANGED? >> WOW.
>> WOW. I MEAN, A LOT’S CHANGED.
I MEAN, A LOT’S CHANGED. I DIDN’T KNOW HE SHARED THE
I DIDN’T KNOW HE SHARED THE VIEWS THAT HE SHOWED PEOPLE OVER
VIEWS THAT HE SHOWED PEOPLE OVER THE PERIOD HE’S BEEN THE
THE PERIOD HE’S BEEN THE PRESIDENT.
PRESIDENT. I DID LEARN FROM HIS BEHAVIORS
I DID LEARN FROM HIS BEHAVIORS THAT HE’LL PERSONALIZE THINGS.
THAT HE’LL PERSONALIZE THINGS. >> PERSONALIZE THEM?
>> PERSONALIZE THEM? >> HE WILL TAKE IT PERSONAL.
>> HE WILL TAKE IT PERSONAL. >> I’M THINKING ABOUT THAT BOOK
>> I’M THINKING ABOUT THAT BOOK I MENTIONED BY ROBERT GREEN, HE
I MENTIONED BY ROBERT GREEN, HE DESCRIBES YOU IN IT, 50 CENT’S
DESCRIBES YOU IN IT, 50 CENT’S LACK OF FEAR IS DISPLAYED BY HIS
LACK OF FEAR IS DISPLAYED BY HIS ATTITUDE AND HIS ACTIONS, HE
ATTITUDE AND HIS ACTIONS, HE LIVED THROUGH TOO MANY DANGEROUS
LIVED THROUGH TOO MANY DANGEROUS ENCOUNTERS TO BE REMOTELY FAZED
ENCOUNTERS TO BE REMOTELY FAZED BY ANYTHING IN THE CORPORATE
BY ANYTHING IN THE CORPORATE WORLD.
WORLD. >> RIGHT.
>> RIGHT. >> HE WROTE THAT YOU’D WALK AWAY
>> HE WROTE THAT YOU’D WALK AWAY AND NOT CARE.
AND NOT CARE. I WANT TO ASK YOU ABOUT THAT.
I WANT TO ASK YOU ABOUT THAT. BECAUSE THAT REALLY OVERLAPS
BECAUSE THAT REALLY OVERLAPS WITH SOME OF YOUR ANALYSIS ABOUT
WITH SOME OF YOUR ANALYSIS ABOUT DONALD TRUMP BEING AN ACCIDENTAL
DONALD TRUMP BEING AN ACCIDENTAL PRESIDENT.
PRESIDENT. AND NOT FEARING ANYTHING WHEN HE
AND NOT FEARING ANYTHING WHEN HE WAS A CANDIDATE.
WAS A CANDIDATE. TAKE A LOOK.
TAKE A LOOK. >> HIS PRESIDENCY IS AN
>> HIS PRESIDENCY IS AN ACCIDENT.
ACCIDENT. IF YOU WERE A PRESIDENT BY
IF YOU WERE A PRESIDENT BY ACCIDENT, YOU MIGHT DO SOME OF
ACCIDENT, YOU MIGHT DO SOME OF THE THINGS DONALD TRUMP IS
THE THINGS DONALD TRUMP IS DOING.
DOING. I THINK HE WAS DOING THAT TO
I THINK HE WAS DOING THAT TO BUILD HIS PROFILE FOR A BIGGER
BUILD HIS PROFILE FOR A BIGGER DEAL ON TELEVISION AND
DEAL ON TELEVISION AND EVERYTHING ELSE.
EVERYTHING ELSE. >> HOW DID YOU COME TO THAT
>> HOW DID YOU COME TO THAT VIEW?
VIEW? A LOT OF PEOPLE AGREE WITH THAT.
A LOT OF PEOPLE AGREE WITH THAT. THAT’S KIND OF SCARY IF THAT’S
THAT’S KIND OF SCARY IF THAT’S THE REASON HE BECAME PRESIDENT.
THE REASON HE BECAME PRESIDENT. >> YEAH, I THINK IT WAS A
>> YEAH, I THINK IT WAS A SURPRISE TO HIM WHEN HE ACTUALLY
SURPRISE TO HIM WHEN HE ACTUALLY WON.
WON. YOU KNOW, BECAUSE HE SAID THINGS
YOU KNOW, BECAUSE HE SAID THINGS THAT WERE REALLY GRAPHIC IN THE
THAT WERE REALLY GRAPHIC IN THE CAMPAIGN.
CAMPAIGN. JUST GENERALLY PEOPLE WERE INTO
JUST GENERALLY PEOPLE WERE INTO THE IDEA OF SOMEONE WHO WAS
THE IDEA OF SOMEONE WHO WAS NONPOLITICIAN.
NONPOLITICIAN. >> PEOPLE KNOW YOU FOR YOUR ART,
>> PEOPLE KNOW YOU FOR YOUR ART, I THINK FOR YOUR BUSINESS.
I THINK FOR YOUR BUSINESS. THEY MAY NOT KNOW THAT LIKE THE
THEY MAY NOT KNOW THAT LIKE THE REST OF US YOU’VE BEEN FOLLOWING
REST OF US YOU’VE BEEN FOLLOWING THE NEWS IN THE TRUMP ERA.
THE NEWS IN THE TRUMP ERA. I WANT TO SHOW A LITTLE BIT OF
I WANT TO SHOW A LITTLE BIT OF SOMETHING PEOPLE MAY NOT HAVE
SOMETHING PEOPLE MAY NOT HAVE SEEN THAT YOU POSTED TO YOUR
SEEN THAT YOU POSTED TO YOUR FOLLOWERS ON THE INTERNET.
FOLLOWERS ON THE INTERNET. WHEN THE NEWS FIRST BROKE THAT
WHEN THE NEWS FIRST BROKE THAT MICHAEL COHEN, TRUMP’S LAWYER’S
MICHAEL COHEN, TRUMP’S LAWYER’S HOME AND OFFICE WAS
HOME AND OFFICE WAS WAS RAIDED YOU HAD NO DOUBT WHAT
WAS RAIDED YOU HAD NO DOUBT WHAT WOULD HAPPEN NEXT.
WOULD HAPPEN NEXT. LET’S TAKE A LOOK.
LET’S TAKE A LOOK. >> HE IS GOING TO TELL ALL OF
>> HE IS GOING TO TELL ALL OF IT.
IT. HE DON’T LIKE HIM ENOUGH TO GO
HE DON’T LIKE HIM ENOUGH TO GO THROUGH THAT TIME FOR HIM.
THROUGH THAT TIME FOR HIM. >> YOU WERE PROVEN RIGHT BECAUSE
>> YOU WERE PROVEN RIGHT BECAUSE HE DID FLIP.
HE DID FLIP. >> I KNOW THE FEDERAL GUIDELINES
>> I KNOW THE FEDERAL GUIDELINES ARE THE SAME NO MATTER WHO YOU
ARE THE SAME NO MATTER WHO YOU ARE.
ARE. MICHAEL IS STILL A STRAIGHT
MICHAEL IS STILL A STRAIGHT LACED GUY, STILL AN ATTORNEY AND
LACED GUY, STILL AN ATTORNEY AND CAN’T BEAR THAT PRESSURE.
CAN’T BEAR THAT PRESSURE. >> YOU MENTIONED THE FEDERAL
>> YOU MENTIONED THE FEDERAL GUIDELINES.
GUIDELINES. THAT IS SOMETHING PEOPLE TALK
THAT IS SOMETHING PEOPLE TALK ABOUT IN THE STREET AND
ABOUT IN THE STREET AND SOMETHING LAWYERS TALK ABOUT.
SOMETHING LAWYERS TALK ABOUT. I WILL QUOTE 50.
I WILL QUOTE 50. IN ONE OF YOUR OLDER SONGS YOU
IN ONE OF YOUR OLDER SONGS YOU SAID WHEN THE FEDS COME IN THE
SAID WHEN THE FEDS COME IN THE GAME LOYALTY IS LIMITED.
GAME LOYALTY IS LIMITED. WITH THE FEDS YOU DO 80% OF YOUR
WITH THE FEDS YOU DO 80% OF YOUR TIME.
TIME. THIS IS FROM THE FEDERAL
THIS IS FROM THE FEDERAL GUIDELINES THAT YOU ARE QUOTING.
GUIDELINES THAT YOU ARE QUOTING. ALL FEDERAL PRISONERS MUST SPEND
ALL FEDERAL PRISONERS MUST SPEND A MINIMUM BEHIND BARS BEFORE
A MINIMUM BEHIND BARS BEFORE BECOMING ELIGIBLE FOR RELEASE.
BECOMING ELIGIBLE FOR RELEASE. >> IT DOESN’T SOUND LIKE I’M
>> IT DOESN’T SOUND LIKE I’M TELLING THE TRUTH BECAUSE I’M
TELLING THE TRUTH BECAUSE I’M USING SLANG AND HIP HOP ENERGY
USING SLANG AND HIP HOP ENERGY THERE, BUT IT IS A FACT.
THERE, BUT IT IS A FACT. HE WILL TELL THEM MORE THAN THEY
HE WILL TELL THEM MORE THAN THEY NEED TO KNOW.
NEED TO KNOW. HE IS GOING TO KEEP GOING.
HE IS GOING TO KEEP GOING. IT’S DEFINITELY NOT OVER.
IT’S DEFINITELY NOT OVER. >> I WANT TO ASK YOU ABOUT GUNS.
>> I WANT TO ASK YOU ABOUT GUNS. THIS IS VERY CONTROVERSIAL.
THIS IS VERY CONTROVERSIAL. FROM HIGH ALL THE TIME YOU SAY
FROM HIGH ALL THE TIME YOU SAY YOU DON’T WANT ME TO BE YOUR
YOU DON’T WANT ME TO BE YOUR KIDS ROLE MODEL.
KIDS ROLE MODEL. I’LL TEACH THEM -- EMPOWER THE
I’LL TEACH THEM -- EMPOWER THE DOLLAR YOU SAID PARENTS WARN
DOLLAR YOU SAID PARENTS WARN THEIR KIDS ABOUT PEOPLE LIKE ME.
THEIR KIDS ABOUT PEOPLE LIKE ME. YOU HAVE THAT PERSONA.
YOU HAVE THAT PERSONA. ANYONE WATCHING THIS SEES YOU
ANYONE WATCHING THIS SEES YOU HERE AS A VERY PROFESSIONAL
HERE AS A VERY PROFESSIONAL SUCCESSFUL BUSINESSMAN.
SUCCESSFUL BUSINESSMAN. YOU POST ONLINE AND SAY GET THE
YOU POST ONLINE AND SAY GET THE STRAP, TALKING ABOUT THESE GUNS.
STRAP, TALKING ABOUT THESE GUNS. DO YOU WORRY THAT THE KIDS LOOK
DO YOU WORRY THAT THE KIDS LOOK UP TO YOU SO MUCH MIGHT GET THE
UP TO YOU SO MUCH MIGHT GET THE WRONG IMPRESSION ABOUT THAT?
WRONG IMPRESSION ABOUT THAT? DO YOU THINK YOU ARE SUPPORTING
DO YOU THINK YOU ARE SUPPORTING GUN USE?
GUN USE? >> I THINK PEOPLE ARE SMART
>> I THINK PEOPLE ARE SMART ENOUGH TO UNDERSTAND THE THINGS
ENOUGH TO UNDERSTAND THE THINGS THAT YOU SAY VERSUS THE THINGS
THAT YOU SAY VERSUS THE THINGS YOU DO ARE TWO DIFFERENT THINGS.
YOU DO ARE TWO DIFFERENT THINGS. THEY UNDERSTAND THE DIFFERENCE
THEY UNDERSTAND THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN ENTERTAINMENT AND
BETWEEN ENTERTAINMENT AND REALITY OF YOUR LIFESTYLE.
REALITY OF YOUR LIFESTYLE. YOU WOULDN’T BE ABLE TO BE AS
YOU WOULDN’T BE ABLE TO BE AS SUCCESSFUL TO THIS POINT IF I
SUCCESSFUL TO THIS POINT IF I WAS LIVING EXACTLY THE WAY THE
WAS LIVING EXACTLY THE WAY THE LYRICS.
LYRICS. >> WHEN YOU SAY GET THE STRAP,
>> WHEN YOU SAY GET THE STRAP, DOES THAT MEAN GET A GUN AND
DOES THAT MEAN GET A GUN AND KILL SOMEONE?
KILL SOMEONE? >> WHEN I ORIGINALLY STARTED
>> WHEN I ORIGINALLY STARTED USING THE CATCH PHRASE IT WAS
USING THE CATCH PHRASE IT WAS LIKE WHENEVER I SEE SOMETHING
LIKE WHENEVER I SEE SOMETHING SHOCKING I WOULD SAY GET THE
SHOCKING I WOULD SAY GET THE STRAP.
STRAP. WHAT DO YOU DO WHEN THIS
WHAT DO YOU DO WHEN THIS HAPPENS?
HAPPENS? WHEN THERE IS A POINT OF
WHEN THERE IS A POINT OF CONFUSION IN THE ENVIRONMENT
CONFUSION IN THE ENVIRONMENT THAT I GREW UP IN, THERE ARE
THAT I GREW UP IN, THERE ARE POINTS WHERE THERE IS NOTHING
POINTS WHERE THERE IS NOTHING LEFT TO DO BUT GET THE STRAP.
LEFT TO DO BUT GET THE STRAP. >> A COUPLE OF OTHER LINES.
>> A COUPLE OF OTHER LINES. THIS IS ONE OF YOURS.
THIS IS ONE OF YOURS. YOU SAID HERE’S A JEWEL.
YOU SAID HERE’S A JEWEL. LOVE YOUR ENEMIES AND MATE YOUR
LOVE YOUR ENEMIES AND MATE YOUR FRIENDS.
FRIENDS. YOUR ENEMIES REMAIN THE SAME.
YOUR ENEMIES REMAIN THE SAME. FRIENDS ALWAYS CHANGE.
FRIENDS ALWAYS CHANGE. WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN? >> WHEN THE PERSON BECOMES AN
>> WHEN THE PERSON BECOMES AN ENEMY IT IS NOTABLY SOMEONE YOU
ENEMY IT IS NOTABLY SOMEONE YOU HAVE DIFFERENCES WITH THEY STAY
HAVE DIFFERENCES WITH THEY STAY IN THE SAME POSITION.
IN THE SAME POSITION. YOU KEEP YOUR DIFFSTANCE IS WATC
YOU KEEP YOUR DIFFSTANCE IS WATC THEM.
THEM. YOUR FRIENDS CLOSE TO YOU, THEY
YOUR FRIENDS CLOSE TO YOU, THEY HAVE THE ABILITY TO HAVE THE
HAVE THE ABILITY TO HAVE THE SEEDS THAT DON’T REQUIRE WATER
SEEDS THAT DON’T REQUIRE WATER TO GROW OF ENTITLEMENT.
TO GROW OF ENTITLEMENT. SO YOU MAY DO SOME THINGS FOR
SO YOU MAY DO SOME THINGS FOR THEM BUT IT MAY NEVER BE ENOUGH.
THEM BUT IT MAY NEVER BE ENOUGH. >> ANOTHER LYRIC FROM ONE OF
>> ANOTHER LYRIC FROM ONE OF YOUR SOFTER SONGS, 21 QUESTIONS
YOUR SOFTER SONGS, 21 QUESTIONS WHICH IS A GREAT KARAOKE SONG,
WHICH IS A GREAT KARAOKE SONG, IF I WENT BACK TO A HOOPTY FROM
IF I WENT BACK TO A HOOPTY FROM A BENZWOULD YOU POOF AND
A BENZWOULD YOU POOF AND DISAPPEAR?
DISAPPEAR? >> LIKE SOME OF MY FRIENDS.
>> LIKE SOME OF MY FRIENDS. >> WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
>> WHAT DOES THAT MEAN? >> WOULD YOU DISAPPEAR LIKE SOME
>> WOULD YOU DISAPPEAR LIKE SOME OF MY FRIENDS?
OF MY FRIENDS? >> IF YOU STAY ON TOP, HOW DO
>> IF YOU STAY ON TOP, HOW DO YOU KNOW WHO THOSE PEOPLE ARE?
YOU KNOW WHO THOSE PEOPLE ARE? >> TIME WILL SHOW YOU.
>> TIME WILL SHOW YOU. SOME OF THESE PEOPLE HAVE
SOME OF THESE PEOPLE HAVE EXPIRATION DATES.
EXPIRATION DATES. THEY SPOIL LIKE MILK.
THEY SPOIL LIKE MILK. >> YOU KNOW I’M A BIG FAN, 50
>> YOU KNOW I’M A BIG FAN, 50 CENT.
CENT. I APPRECIATE YOU COMING ON THE
I APPRECIATE YOU COMING ON THE BEAT.
BEAT. >> EVERY TIME YOU START TALKING
>> EVERY TIME YOU START TALKING WHEN I FLIP THROUGH THE NEWS WE